URL: https://www.contify.com/platform/
Checked: 2026-08-17
HTTP status: 200

 Market & Competitive Intelligence Tool | Contify - Start Free Trial Contify Recognized as a 'Visionary' in the Inaugural Gartner Magic Quadrant for Competitive and Market Intelligence Platforms. Learn more → Platform Business News API Solutions By Industry IT & Software AI insights for fast-moving tech organziations Healthcare & Life Sciences Monitor pipelines, trials, & regulatory moves Banking & Financial Services Track competitors, regulation, & market signals Management Consulting Track client landscapes & competitor moves Manufacturing Monitor supply, capacity, & demand signals By Function M&CI, Research & Strategy Run a smarter, AI-powered M&CI program Sales Walk into every deal better informed Marketing Own the category narrative Product Build winning products for the market always in view By Use Case Competitive Intelligence Stay informed on every competitor move Market & Industry Intelligence Spot the trends shaping your category View all solutions How It Works Resources A Comprehensive Guide to Creating Best-in-class Competitive Intelligence Reports with AI Read blog Blog Insights, best-practices, & product updates Case Studies Real outcomes from real programs Templates Ready-to-use intelligence frameworks Guides & Reports In-depth guides and reports on M&CI Product Tours See our products in action M&CI Savings Calculator Explore M&CI savings potential with Contify Contify Taxonomy Discover our coverage taxonomy Company Contify Named a Visionary in the Inaugural 2026 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Competitive and Market Intelligence Platforms Read more About Us Our mission and the team behind Contify Newsroom Press releases and announcements Life At Contify Careers and life on the team Contact Us Talk to sales or support Free trial Log in Log in Free trial Market & Competitive Intelligence Platform Decision-ready market competitive key account customer partner industry insights at your fingertips Contify AI-native platform collects, analyzes, and delivers ready-to-use insights from global and proprietary internal sources, customized for every team, function, and strategic priority. Business email * Take a test drive of our market & competitive intelligence tool Features at a glance Athena AI Athena AI Dashboards Newsletters Newsfeeds Athena AI Unlock trusted, role-specific insights at scale with Athena Agents, designed to directly answer your business-critical questions Business Facts: Focus only on the information that matters with AI-generated facts, providing well-organized key data points from your updates. Automated Insights: Access continuously updating, high-quality intelligence insights derived from multiple relevant facts. Ask Athena: Get reliable answers to your ad-hoc intelligence queries grounded on your curated intelligence datasets. Learn more Dashboards Eliminate outdated decks and reports with role-specific, real-time dashboards for faster decisions and effective tactical responses Trend Analysis: Visualize market shifts, competitor activity, and key topics with auto-updating charts and timelines for identifying trends and patterns. Automated Battlecards: Get dynamically updated battlecards powered by AI and real-time data, providing sales with actionable insights to win deals. Templates Library: Quickly create customized dashboards using a comprehensive library of pre-built templates and widgets for various use cases. Newsletters Get personalized newsletter reports and automated alerts with the most relevant updates on your monitored companies and industry landscape Newsletter Manager: Curate role-specific newsletters with auto-summarized updates and share them org-wide, including links to original sources. Automated Alerts: Get real-time alerts on critical competitor moves and stay updated on market happenings, all delivered directly to your inbox. Template Builder: Strengthen your brand identity among stakeholders with customized templates that feature your brand colors and logo. Newsfeeds Access structured intelligence, equipped with AI-powered key highlights, eliminating your manual research hassles Global Newsfeed: Access a complete universe of Contify’s intelligence datasets covering extensive public and private companies, industries, and topics. Curated Newsfeed: Get tailored stream of noise-free updates on companies, industry, and topics that are of your strategic importance. Smart Filters: Easily zero in on intelligence content most relevant to you by company, business events, content type, location, and more. Effortlessly share actionable role-specific insights using AI Support strategic deals with comprehensive intel on accounts, competitors, and executives Efficiently manage high volume M&CI requests from different teams. Conduct deep-dive research with access to Contify's complete content universe. Learn more Ratings 4.5 out of 5 | Contify has been rated 4.5 out 5 (stars) on G2 by its clients Here’s why leading organizations trust Contify Global intelligence without language barriers Break language barriers with multilingual content from over 117+ languages, coupled with highly accurate English translations. Stay informed on global developments without missing local nuances. Scale intelligence without scaling costs Democratize intelligence across your organization with unlimited user access. Empower every team to effectively respond to competitors and make informed decisions without per-user cost barriers. Historical data coverage for better decisions Unlock deeper insights with access to two years of historical data. Analyze trends, benchmark competitors, and anticipate future market movements with confidence. Tailored insights for every stakeholder Deliver tailored insights to every stakeholder via personalized newsletters, alerts, and dashboards. Ensure the right intelligence reaches the right user in the right format at the right time. Expansive coverage that leaves no blind spots Gain a comprehensive market view with continuous intelligence for over 700,000+ companies, 100+ industry segments, and extensive business topics. Easily integrate custom or internal sources for tailored coverage. Noise-free intelligence via robust data pipelines Cut through the clutter with our AI-driven 7-step curation process, deduplication, and human oversight. Get only relevant, actionable insights, free from irrelevant noise and duplicates. Book a demo One AI platform that meets all your intelligence needs Spend less time compiling intelligence insights and make more available to enable informed decisions and faster business responses. Collect intelligence that matters most Proprietary web crawlers Unlock insights with our extensive crawling infrastructure that continuously collects intel from over 1 Mn+ sources, including news, company websites, social, and more. Plus, add your own preferred sources without hassle. Auto-translated content in 117+ languages Get global intelligence from 200K+ non-English sources, auto-translated into English. With precise translations from over 117+ languages, we ensure you are fully informed on your market landscape worldwide. Source intel from your internal sources Capture valuable insights from your internal sources, including SharePoint documents, sales call transcripts from Gong or Fireflies, and first-hand intel from your customer-facing teams via Slack, MS Teams, and Email effortlessly. Retrieve ready-to-use analyzed insights Auto-extract data points from intel content Skip unnecessary text in lengthy articles and focus only on the information that matters to you with AI-generated facts, providing well-organized key data points extracted from global updates and your own content. Decision-ready connected insights Access continuously updated, decision-ready insights. Athena, our agentic AI insights engine, analyzes and synthesizes vast datasets of information into actionable insights, allowing you to focus solely on drawing strategic implications. Instant answers to ad-hoc intel questions Retrieve quick answers to ad-hoc intelligence questions with Ask Athena, your on-demand research assistant delivering context-aware insights from both the external market and your company’s own data. Share personalized intelligence org-wide Intelligence newsletters & alerts Easily set up automated alerts and create personalized newsletters with your commentary and insights on relevant updates. Create, manage, and distribute custom reports supported by user analytics to track engagement. Role-specific intuitive dashboards Make data-driven decisions faster with visually accessible intel and auto-updating widgets for each stakeholder. Leverage pre-configured and customizable templates to create a 360° view of your competitive landscape. Intelligence within your daily tools Share actionable intel with your stakeholders within the tools they use every day. Contify integrates with Slack, Microsoft Teams, email, and other tools, allowing your colleagues to access intelligence effortlessly without interruptions. Make the platform work the way you want Add your own custom sources Add your own content sources that matter to you, including trusted sites, webpages, and feeds, using the built-in sourcing module to fetch real-time information from anywhere on the web and manage every active source in one streamlined view. Set custom taxonomy and tags Organize intel according to your market landscape. Create custom tags on top of Contify’s hundreds of pre-configured standard tags. Ensure relevant intel is easily processed for tailored analysis and personalized distribution. Custom fact & insight prompts Set up customized fact and insight prompts to automate information analysis with Athena AI. Extract, structure, and generate insights that align with your strategic priorities and specific use cases. Ready to outsmart the competition? Discover how leading organizations stay ahead in the market with Contify's purpose-built AI-native M&CI platform. Book a demo × × Why customers love us? “Contify empowers Lenovo’s strategy team with tailored PC industry insights. Custom reports and Athena AI automation help us make smarter, faster decisions every day.” Jonathan Quick Director of Strategy Lenovo “Contify is helping us gain more clarity around our competitor landscape and making sure we have visibility of every relevant piece of news.” Melissa Nassimiha Insights Manager Colart “Contify gives you accurate info and frees you up to get on with decision-making. It saves me hours of time so I no longer have to manually trawl through the internet.” Karen Lancashire Senior Marketing Executive Biocatalysts “Simple, professional and informative – Contify is able to pinpoint relevant insights out of all the noise and the quality of the subsequently written analysis.” Stephen Watson Market Strategy Digital Realty “Efficient and effective system with a supportive team. The way in which the team engages with us on a regular basis and makes the system fit our specific needs.” Aiden Hale Project Manager DIG Worldwide “Contify: A versatile and powerful tool for market intelligence! Tracking of competitors’ news/updates/social is definitely one of the best features the platform has to offer.” Jean-Luc Martineau Co-Founder & CEO Bagsort “Looks like our internal Competitor tracking tool with precise information. Exhaustive sourcing from multiple competitor websites and tracking is so seamless.” Vasu Arora Senior Associate Ernst & Young “Contify empowers Lenovo’s strategy team with tailored PC industry insights. Custom reports and Athena AI automation help us make smarter, faster decisions every day.” Jonathan Quick Director of Strategy Lenovo “Contify is helping us gain more clarity around our competitor landscape and making sure we have visibility of every relevant piece of news.” Melissa Nassimiha Insights Manager Colart “Contify gives you accurate info and frees you up to get on with decision-making. It saves me hours of time so I no longer have to manually trawl through the internet.” Karen Lancashire Senior Marketing Executive Biocatalysts “Simple, professional and informative – Contify is able to pinpoint relevant insights out of all the noise and the quality of the subsequently written analysis.” Stephen Watson Market Strategy Digital Realty “Efficient and effective system with a supportive team. The way in which the team engages with us on a regular basis and makes the system fit our specific needs.” Aiden Hale Project Manager DIG Worldwide “Contify: A versatile and powerful tool for market intelligence! Tracking of competitors’ news/updates/social is definitely one of the best features the platform has to offer.” Jean-Luc Martineau Co-Founder & CEO Bagsort “Looks like our internal Competitor tracking tool with precise information. Exhaustive sourcing from multiple competitor websites and tracking is so seamless.” Vasu Arora Senior Associate Ernst & Young Real business outcomes as seen by our customers $83M deal secured by the sales team at a large IT company by leveraging tailored key account and competitor insights provided by Contify $17M worth of up-selling and cross-selling opportunities identified by detection of triggers on key customers within the first 3 months 50% increase in market and competitor awareness of business teams, leading to faster and more confident decisions 25 hours/week saved by each analyst via automations in manual research and information synthesis, freeing them for high-value tasks Secure, scalable, and optimized intelligence workflows Data privacy Completely safeguarded intelligence data with robust, enterprise-grade protection, and industry’s best data centers. Single-sign on Offering seamless and secure access to the Contify app using existing enterprise credentials. User management Tailor access levels across the organization to ensure the right intelligence reaches the right teams. GDPR compliant Ensuring intelligence operations fully comply with global data privacy regulations, including AICPA and SOC 2. Dedicated support Get dedicated account managers offering setup help, training, and query resolution with faster response times. Case studies All Case Studies Global Data Infrastructure Company Builds a Smarter Competitive Monitoring Workflow With Contify Here's how a global data infrastructure company utilised Contify's AI-powered platform to move to automated competitive intelligence and drive strategic insights with Contify. Read more How a Global Industrial Manufacturer adopted a Real – Time Competitive Intelligence Engine Explore how a global industrial manufacturer leveraged automated competitive intelligence to reduce noise, and drive strategic insights with Contify. Read more Redefining Executive-Ready Intelligence Newsletters With Strategic One-Liners From Lengthy Updates to Strategic One-Liners: A New Executive-Ready Intelligence Newsletter For 2026 & Beyond Read more FAQs Find answers to common questions and inquiries in our comprehensive FAQ section. Why is a market and competitive intelligence software like Contify important for your business? A competitive intelligence tool like Contify helps organizations compete intelligently, get ahead, and succeed in modern digital markets. Contify’s proprietary machine-learning algorithm filters noise from unstructured web data, transforming it into actionable competitive market intelligence. This helps businesses track their competitors, industry segments, customers, and entire competitive landscape with unmatched precision. A regular stream of competitive intelligence and insights ensures that you're not just reacting to your competitors’ strategic moves but planning your own in advance. Can the Contify market and competitive intelligence system be customized to fit your organizational needs? Contify M&CI platform offers advanced capabilities that can be customized to fit your organizational needs and strategic objectives. It allows you to create custom key intelligence questions (KIQs) and taxonomies, add your own web sources, create and maintain stakeholder-specific dashboards, and adapt to your specific market and competitive intelligence requirements. This ensures that the insights you receive are directly relevant to your decision-making processes. How does Contify ensure the delivery of accurate and noise-free insights? Contify utilizes the principles of Knowledge Graph (KG) to control the data and ensure accuracy. It uses KG to extract and connect discrete data points and uses LLMs to derive actionable insights that directly address your stakeholders’ KIQs. What data analysis and visualization capabilities are available in the Contify M&CI Platform? Contify provides powerful data analysis and visualization capabilities to its users. You can create customized dashboards for your stakeholders which can include battle cards, win-loss analyses, company profiles, market landscape, word clouds, benchmarking comparisons, auto-updating knowledge graphs, and a variety of analysis widgets. These features help users visualize market trends, track competitor movements, and extract strategic insights from the aggregated data. Does the Contify M&CI Platform integrate with Slack, MS Teams, and other third-party tools? Contify integrates seamlessly with popular tools like Slack, MS Teams, and Salesforce. Additionally, the widgets that are available in Contify are embeddable and can be added to your daily tools, such as HubSpot, PowerBi, and more. This integration capability ensures that actionable intelligence is shared in real-time within the tools your teams use daily, enhancing collaboration and making it easier to act on the insights provided. How much time does it usually take to fully set up and implement Contify? Typically, setting up Contify for your organization takes 2 weeks, ensuring that the platform’s scope and coverage align perfectly with your strategic objectives and it integrates seamlessly with your existing workflows. After the platform rollout, you’ll have access to our support for optimizing the platform configurations as per your developing objectives. Start your 7-day free trial Drive pipeline, defend your market share, and fuel intelligence-led growth. Business email * Let’s talk Want to know more about Contify capabilities! Book a demo Watch a demo Watch interactive tour. Start tour Contify is an AI-native market and competitive intelligence (M&CI) platform that provides decision-ready insights on your market, industry, competitors, key accounts, and other strategic entities. Contify enables organization-wide teams to make faster, more confident decisions and respond to competitors with greater agility. Excellent 4.5 out of 5 based on 100+ reviews on G2 Products M&CI Platform Business News API Athena AI Integrations How It Works Resources Blog Case Studies Templates Guides & Reports Product Tours M&CI Savings Calculator Contify Taxonomy Solutions By Industry IT & Software Healthcare & Life Sciences Banking & Financial Services Management Consulting Manufacturing By Function M&CI, Research, & Strategy Sales Marketing Product By Use Case Competitive intelligence Market & Industry Intelligence View all solutions Company About Us Newsroom Careers Contact Us Products M&CI Platform Business News API Athena AI Integrations How It Works Resources Blog Case Studies Templates Guides & Reports Product Tours M&CI Savings Calculator Contify Taxonomy Solutions By Industry IT & Software Healthcare & Life Sciences Banking & Financial Services Management Consulting Manufacturing By Function M&CI, Research, & Strategy Sales Marketing Product By Use Case Competitive intelligence Market & Industry Intelligence View all solutions Company About Us Newsroom Careers Contact Us Subscribe to Contify Blog Copyright © 2024 Athena Information Solutions Pvt Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions Recognitions Recognitions Copyright © 2026 Athena Information Solutions Pvt Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions Get 7-day free trial × Request a demo × Get 7-day free trial × Watch a demo × Watch a demo × Request a demo × Get 7-day free trial × Get 7-day free trial × Get 7-day free trial × Contify is an AI-native market and competitive intelligence (M&CI) platform that provides decision-ready insights on your market, industry, competitors, key accounts, and other strategic entities. Contify enables organization-wide teams to make faster, more confident decisions and respond to competitors with greater agility. Start free trial Book a demo Summarize With AI Open in Chat GPT Open in Perplexity Open in Claude Open in Grok Open in Gemini Excellent 4.5 out of 5 based on 100+ reviews on G2 Linkedin Twitter Instagram Youtube Facebook Products M&CI Platform Business News API Athena AI Integrations How It Works Solutions By Industry IT & Software Healthcare & Life Sciences Banking & Financial Services Management Consulting Manufacturing By Function M&CI, Research, & Strategy Sales Marketing Product View all solutions By Use Case Competitive intelligence Market & Industry Intelligence Resources Blog Case Studies Templates Guides & Reports Product Tours M&CI Savings Calculator Contify Taxonomy Company About Us Newsroom Careers Contact Us Certifications AICPA SOC GDPR ISO 27001 Products M&CI Platform Business News API Athena AI Integrations How It Works Solutions By Industry IT & Software Healthcare & Life Sciences Banking & Financial Services Management Consulting Manufacturing By Function M&CI, Research, & Strategy Sales Marketing Product By Use Case Competitive intelligence Market & Industry Intelligence View all solutions Resources Blog Case Studies Templates Guides & Reports Product Tours M&CI Savings Calculator Contify Taxonomy Company About Us Newsroom Careers Contact Us Certifications AICPA SOC GDPR ISO 27001 Contify is an AI-native market and competitive intelligence (M&CI) platform that provides decision-ready insights on your market, industry, competitors, key accounts, and other strategic entities. Contify enables organization-wide teams to make faster, more confident decisions and respond to competitors with greater agility. Start free trial Book a demo Summarize With AI Open in Chat GPT Open in Perplexity Open in Claude Open in Grok Open in Gemini Excellent 4.5 out of 5 based on 100+ reviews on G2 Linkedin Twitter Instagram Youtube Facebook Copyright © 2026 Athena Information Solutions Pvt Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms and Conditions Request a demo × 
