URL: https://www.forrester.com/blogs/five-findings-about-todays-market-and-competitive-intelligence-programs/
Checked: 2026-08-17
HTTP status: 200

 Five Findings About Today’s Market And Competitive Intelligence Programs Skip to content Who We Serve Blank TECHNOLOGY Data, AI & Analytics Security & Risk Technology Architecture And Delivery Technology B2B B2B Marketing Portfolio & Product Revenue Operations & Enablement B2C B2C Marketing Customer Experience Digital Business Blank INDUSTRIES Financial Services Government Healthcare High Tech Retail & CPG What We Offer Blank Forrester Decisions The Forrester Wave™ Forrester AI Forrester Market Insights Consulting Demand Generation AI Access Signature Research Blank Events B2B Events CX Events Technology Events Event Sponsorship Awards Analyst Relations Council Certification Reprints How We Think Blank RESOURCES AI Into Action Blog Posts Client Success Stories Podcasts Predictions Webinars Blank FEATURED TOPICS Agentic AI Security B2B Marketing Strategy B2C Marketing Transformation Cross-Functional Alignment Customer Obsession Emerging Technology Generative AI Risk Management Technology Strategy Zero Trust Security Who We Are About Us Leadership Board Newsroom Careers Investor Relations Events Events B2B Events CX Events Technology Events Event Sponsorship Webinars Awards Home Events Conferences & Summits Webinars Workshops --> Return to Forrester Platform Search --> Forrester Cart Log In Talk To Sales My Account Home Manage Account Get Help Log Out --> My Account Forrester Cart Show Menu Log In Search --> My Account Home Manage Account Get Help Log Out --> Return to Forrester Platform Who We Serve Blank TECHNOLOGY Data, AI & Analytics Security & Risk Technology Architecture And Delivery Technology B2B B2B Marketing Portfolio & Product Revenue Operations & Enablement B2C B2C Marketing Customer Experience Digital Business Blank INDUSTRIES Financial Services Government Healthcare High Tech Retail & CPG What We Offer Blank Forrester Decisions The Forrester Wave™ Forrester AI Forrester Market Insights Consulting Demand Generation AI Access Signature Research Blank Events B2B Events CX Events Technology Events Event Sponsorship Awards Analyst Relations Council Certification Reprints How We Think Blank RESOURCES AI Into Action Blog Posts Client Success Stories Podcasts Predictions Webinars Blank FEATURED TOPICS Agentic AI Security B2B Marketing Strategy B2C Marketing Transformation Cross-Functional Alignment Customer Obsession Emerging Technology Generative AI Risk Management Technology Strategy Zero Trust Security Who We Are About Us Leadership Board Newsroom Careers Investor Relations Events Events B2B Events CX Events Technology Events Event Sponsorship Webinars Awards Home Events Conferences & Summits Webinars Workshops --> My Account Talk To Sales < Featured Blogs Home > Featured Blogs > Five Findings About Today’s Market And Competitive Intelligence Programs Five Findings About Today’s Market And Competitive Intelligence Programs Beth Caplow , VP, Principal Analyst Jan 23 2026 Share Our recent survey of 21 organizations reveals a familiar tension: Intelligence teams remain lean, yet their remit spans an expanding universe of stakeholders across strategy, product innovation, and go-to-market functions. These stakeholders seek a wide range of information and analyses — from competitive moves to market shifts and buyer expectations. We uncovered the following: 1. Intelligence teams are small but mighty. Most market and competitive intelligence (M&CI) teams operate with limited staff: 13 of 21 respondents having five or fewer people and eight having just one or two. Even so, these teams support a broad set of stakeholders, most often between 500 and 5,000 users across executives, product, sales, and marketing functions. Nearly two-thirds of these organizations are using an M&CI platform, which can automate activities across the research process from information sourcing to curation, analysis, and distribution. 2. Top use cases span strategic, product, and go-to-market. Despite their name, competitive intelligence teams are not focused solely on rivals. In addition to monitoring competitive developments, they track market trends and buyer shifts and synthesize these inputs to inform a wide range of strategic and tactical decisions. Top use cases include: go-to-market targeting, market and competitive response, product innovation, messaging and positioning, and identifying business opportunities. The ability to connect market, competitor, and customer insights is essential across these use cases. 3. Deliverables emphasize analysis over information. Intelligence might once have been viewed as news aggregation with regular distribution of newsletters. Today, however, teams prioritize analytical outputs that interpret information rather than simply collecting it. The most valued deliverables include competitive SWOTs or profiles, market sizing or trend analyses, competitive landscapes, and product comparisons. Half of the surveyed organizations also produce sales battlecards — often the first formal deliverable an intelligence function develops, given typically strong sales demand. The shift from delivering “information” to providing “implications” is central to providing value to sales and other stakeholders. 4. Platforms and genAI drive efficiencies across the research process. Twelve of 21 of the respondent organizations use an M&CI platform, and most report being somewhat or very satisfied. These platforms significantly improve efficiencies by sourcing broad information sets in near real time, allowing rapid search and summarization and automating distribution of deliverables. Users also point to using AI for increased automation and accelerated analysis, with some using it to create or autopopulate deliverables. The ability to synthesize internal and external information is becoming a critical differentiator as leaders seek fast and clear understanding of the impacts of external changes on their business. 5. Measuring success remains elusive. Quantifying intelligence impact continues to be a sticking point, even with an M&CI platform. Most teams are tracking the number of analyses or deliverables created, the number of processes they support (e.g., revenue planning, product roadmaps, sales training), or the number of active or passive users. Just over one-third track win rates. Business outcomes such as revenue growth, campaign performance, or even time saved are harder to capture. Yet the majority of organization point to clear qualitative benefits: smarter investment decisions, better targeting, sharper messaging, and stronger marketing campaigns. Connecting insights to measurable impacts remains one of the field’s biggest hurdles. What this means for intelligence teams: Invest in processes before tools. Platforms can streamline your efforts but only when grounded in strong research processed, analytical methodologies, and clear standards for producing meaningful insights. Before investing in an M&CI tool, consolidate your information sources, assess stakeholder needs and gaps, and establish templates and workflows for research and analysis. Use genAI for synthesis and speed. Market, competitive, and buyer research are ideal candidates for genAI. GenAI can dramatically accelerate the synthesis of external websites, user review sites, third-party reports, social media, internal surveys, and more. To get the most from genAI, ensure that summarizations include source links, create prompt libraries for less experienced users, and invest in an M&CI platform for more sophisticated generation or autopopulation of deliverables for automating in-depth research projects. Create and measure success collaboratively. Tie intelligence metrics to business outcomes that matter to your stakeholder groups. Meet with executive, product, marketing, and sales teams individually to understand their workflows and decision areas. Embed the intelligence and analyses you produce into their decision-making processes. Use this as a way to measure the link from the intelligence to the business impact. Interested in finding out more about M&CI best practices? Clients can access the reports Build Competitive Advantage With A Winning Strategy And Program and The Five Levels Of Maturity For A Programmatic Approach To Market And Competitive Intelligence . You can also follow or connect with me on LinkedIn . Share Categories Age of the Customer B2B Marketing B2B Research Activate Buying Groups. Accelerate Growth. Your buyers don’t make big purchase decisions as individual leads. Learn how to operationalize the Forrester B2B Revenue Waterfall™ and align marketing, sales, and revenue development teams around the buying-group opportunities that fuel growth. Get The Guide Blog Partner Ecosystem Growth’s New Challenge: Understanding How Partners Create Value Kathy Contreras 3 days ago For years, B2B organizations have expanded their partner ecosystems by adding new partner types, routes to market, and strategic relationships. The result has been greater market reach, new growth opportunities, and increasingly complex partner ecosystems. A growing challenge for suppliers is establishing a clear, consistent, and effective definition of the partners within their partner ecosystem. […] Read More Blog B2B Customer Communities Need An AI-Powered Reboot Amy Bills August 6, 2026 AI doesn’t have to replace the human connection that makes B2B customer communities valuable. Used purposefully, it can help community managers reduce repetitive work, improve customer experiences, surface business insights, and connect community engagement to measurable outcomes. Read More Get The Insights At Work Newsletter Business Email Address* Country* Country United States Åland Islands Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua and Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia, Plurinational State of Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos (Keeling) Islands Colombia Comoros Cook Islands Costa Rica Côte d'Ivoire Croatia Cuba Curaçao Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Falkland Islands Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guernsey Guinea Guyana Haiti Heard Island and McDonald Islands Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iraq Ireland Isle of Man Israel Italy Jamaica Japan Jersey Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea, Republic of Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Lao People's Democratic Republic Latvia Lesotho Liberia Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia, Federated States of Moldova, Republic of Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands New Caledonia New Zealand Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory, Occupied Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Réunion Romania Rwanda Saint Barthélemy Saint Helena, Ascension and Tristan da Cunha Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Martin Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and the Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Sint Maarten (Dutch part) Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands South Africa South Georgia and the South Sandwich Islands Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania, United Republic of Thailand Timor-Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad and Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks and Caicos Islands Tuvalu Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States United States Minor Outlying Islands Uruguay Uzbekistan Vanuatu Vatican City Vietnam Virgin Islands, British Virgin Islands, U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Zambia Zimbabwe Yes, I’d like to receive Forrester’s Insights At Work newsletter and receive occasional survey invitations and marketing communications. Thanks for signing up. Stay tuned for updates from the Forrester blogs. Who We Are What We Believe Executive Leadership Our Board Environmental, Social, And Governance Our Objectivity Brand Newsroom Careers Investor Information Analysts & Coverage Areas What We Offer Research Certification Consulting Events Analyst Briefings Planned Research Complimentary Webinars Getting The Most From Forrester About Contact Us Cookie Settings Fraud Alerts Glossary Net Promoter Score Policies UK Slavery Statement Terms Of Use Privacy Policy LinkedIn YouTube © 2026 Forrester Research, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Ask AI About Working With Forrester ChatGPT OpenAI Perplexity Perplexity Analyst Briefings Newsroom Complimentary Webinars Contact Us Investor Information Careers Policies Podcasts Fraud Alerts Brand UK Slavery Statement Request A Demo © 2026 Forrester Research, Inc. and/or its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. Terms of use Privacy Policy Cookie Settings LinkedIn YouTube × × 
