URL: https://klue.com/case-study/driving-double-digit-increases-to-win-rates
Checked: 2026-08-17
HTTP status: 200

 Autodesk Doubles Win Rates with Klue AI | Klue Case Study You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. Product Resources Company Product Competitive intelligence Compete Agent Automatically collect, curate, and share competitive intel throughout your organization Auto Insights Auto-generating content for competitive research, sellers in live deals, and the trusted source for your internal LLM. Deal Tips Deal-specific competitive insights sent straight to your inbox. Win-loss suite Win-Loss Capture objective buyer feedback to drive your go-to-market strategy Human Expert Interviews Structured research designed and conducted by Klue&#8217;s analyst team, aligned to your learning objectives. AI Interviewer Short voice conversations with buyers and sellers — scaled across every deal in your pipeline. Blindspots Interviews Verified buyer interviews from evaluations you were never part of. Win &#038; Loss Story Agent Auto-generated from CRM data and call recordings the moment a deal closes. DISCOVER Customer Stories How Cl teams compete with Klue Articles &#038; Resources Playbooks, guides, and benchmarks Integrations Connect your tools Security Protect your data Resources Articles &#038; Resources Master competitive enablement with expert resources Events Join us virtually &#038; in-person across the globe The Compete Community Learn and connect with your peers Customer Stories Explore how our customers win with Klue Subscribe to our Newsletter Competitive news and strategies — straight to your inbox Job Board The best PMM &#038; competitive jobs in one spot Introducing Win-Loss Clips Your win-loss interviews, auto-clipped into the moments that matter. Coffee &#038; Compete Podcast Klueless: A Competitive Deal Story The Ultimate Battlecard Building Toolkit How to Build a Win-Loss Program Competitive Enablement Maturity Model Humans in the Loop AI in Competitive Intelligence Report Company About Learn about our team, our mission and our vision for how organizations will compete in the future Careers Join our team News What we&#8217;re up to Contact How to get in touch Login GET A DEMO Case Study Driving Double Digit Increases to Win Rates AUTODESK PICKS KLUE FOR UNIFIED COMPETE + WIN-LOSS The Problem Autodesk is a large enterprise with many products and competitors, with a dedicated CI Manager, Dylan D’Urso, in charge of building and enabling the CI program for its Construction business. Scale and automation were key criteria for their program, so after a full evaluation of CI tools, Autodesk chose Klue for their CI platform. Soon after, Autodesk leadership pursued a formalized Win-Loss program, as they were not getting the level of actionable insight needed from internal interviews with account teams. They wanted to hear directly from customers, so they began an evaluation of various Win-Loss vendors available in the market. &ldquo; Klue took our program from a ‘nice-to-have’ to a ‘must have’ across our org and have become an integral part of our Competitive Intel strategy. We trust them to deliver actionable insights that support every team. The team at Klue constantly pushes us to improve, by sharing best practices captured from their years of experience. Dylan D’Urso SENIOR COMPETITIVE INTELLIGENCE MANAGER Why Klue for Unified Compete &#038; Win-Loss Autodesk initially launched its Win-Loss program using Clozd, but after just one quarter determined they were not the best partner to help accomplish their long-term goals, so they evaluated a 2nd research vendor, but came across a different issue &#8211; the quality of interviews were just not up to their research standards. When Klue announced their acquisition of DoubleCheck Research for unifying Compete and Win-Loss, Autodesk chose Klue to launch a pilot Win-Loss program, with Dylan taking the lead. Within ten minutes into the first interview recording, Dylan knew they had found the long-term partner they were looking for. In June 2023, Autodesk made the switch to Klue to launch a unified Compete and Win-Loss program across multiple regions. &ldquo; We didn’t choose Klue initially, but we wish we had. With our first, and even second vendor selection, the emphasis was clearly on insight visualizations, but the interviews were lacking in quality and depth. Klue’s approach is different, and we saw this from the very first interview they provided. They’re best in class in services, and are now building the insights tech with input from customers like us. We just didn’t have this experience with other vendors. Dylan D’Urso SENIOR COMPETITIVE INTELLIGENCE MANAGER Defining Win-Loss Success &ldquo; Our Quarterly Win-Loss Analysis Report is so valuable in enabling our team on what to change and improve for better results. It’s working! TECHNICAL SALES MANAGER For Autodesk, success of their Win-Loss program meant the following: A consistent and reliable cadence of high quality interviews Empowering multiple teams with results &#8211; across Sales, Customer Success, R&D and Marketing. Expectations were high, as they a believed they were already delivering on this “success” despite the poor quality of previous interviews Complete and thorough onboarding and a detailed research design process for their Win-Loss program Choosing a partner, not a vendor Dylan believes their unified Compete and Win-Loss program was taken to the next level, with the quality of insights from every interview, and Klue’s ability to work dynamically off of key research objectives rather than sticking to a static script. Klue acts as an extension of the Autodesk CI program which makes it easier for them to do more with less. &ldquo; The amount of prep that went into designing our program built confidence and trust that Klue was going to deliver. They took the time to learn our business from the start, and continue to build that understanding every day, so we’re able to put more trust in them to execute the program we’ve designed together. This is only possible because Klue is a partner, not a vendor. Dylan D’Urso SENIOR COMPETITIVE INTELLIGENCE MANAGER Results &ldquo; Our Quarterly Win-Loss Analysis report is a helpful way for me to feel a sense of empathy with our customers and users. It also helps me stay abreast of the top concerns / priorities of our sales org. DIRECTOR, EXPERIENCE DESIGN Autodesk’s Compete and Win-Loss program is driving strong measurable and qualitative results Double digit increases in Win Rate where Klue was leveraged, since program launch Quarterly Win-Loss reports are one of the most consumed CI resources globally, and has helped them measure changes in customer sentiment Elevating their CI program by capturing the attention of strategic stakeholders who need more than battlecards Quarterly invites for Dylan and team to present findings to new groups and seeing their research referenced in key business decisions Increased engagement from the R&D team who use product insights to validate roadmap and identify new areas of focus Increased understanding of emerging competitors above and beyond what was possible before Improvements to Salesforce CRM data hygiene to validate competitor win/loss reasons and adjust as needed Customer Overview Autodesk is changing how the world is designed and made. Our technology spans architecture, engineering, construction, product design, manufacturing, media and entertainment, empowering innovators everywhere to solve challenges big and small. From greener buildings to smarter products to more mesmerizing blockbusters, Autodesk software helps our customers to design and make a better world for all. For more information, visit autodesk.com or follow @autodesk. #MakeAnything Additional customer stories How Huntress Scaled Competitive Intelligence and Lifted Win Rates How Greenhouse Delivers Deal-Specific Enablement at Scale with Klue How Locus Robotics Is Scaling Competitive Intelligence Globally With a Team of One Want to see Klue in action? Let’s do it. Tell us a bit about yourself and we’ll set up a time to wow you. GET A DEMO Your browser does not support the video tag. Product Klue Compete Klue Win Loss Integrations AI Capabilities Security Resources Articles & Resources Customer Stories Events Company About Careers Contact News & Press Hey AI, learn about us Topics How Does AI Automate Win-Loss Analysis? What Is Win-Loss Analysis, and How Do You Build a Program? Can ChatGPT or Claude Build a Battlecard From Your Salesforce and Gong Data? Is It Safe to Paste Sales Call Transcripts Into ChatGPT or Claude for Competitive Analysis? How to Measure Win-Loss ROI (and Find the Blind Spots Costing You Deals) in 2026 Follow Us On Status Media Kit Privacy | © 2025 Klue Labs Vancouver, BC Access Resource Want to see Klue in Action? Thanks for your request. We&#8217;ll be in touch very soon. BACK TO KLUE 
