URL: https://klue.com/product/measure
Checked: 2026-08-17
HTTP status: 200

 Measure Competitive Intelligence Impact with Klue You are using an outdated browser. Please upgrade your browser to improve your experience. Product Resources Company Product Competitive intelligence Compete Agent Automatically collect, curate, and share competitive intel throughout your organization Auto Insights Auto-generating content for competitive research, sellers in live deals, and the trusted source for your internal LLM. Deal Tips Deal-specific competitive insights sent straight to your inbox. Win-loss suite Win-Loss Capture objective buyer feedback to drive your go-to-market strategy Human Expert Interviews Structured research designed and conducted by Klue&#8217;s analyst team, aligned to your learning objectives. AI Interviewer Short voice conversations with buyers and sellers — scaled across every deal in your pipeline. Blindspots Interviews Verified buyer interviews from evaluations you were never part of. Win &#038; Loss Story Agent Auto-generated from CRM data and call recordings the moment a deal closes. DISCOVER Customer Stories How Cl teams compete with Klue Articles &#038; Resources Playbooks, guides, and benchmarks Integrations Connect your tools Security Protect your data Resources Articles &#038; Resources Master competitive enablement with expert resources Events Join us virtually &#038; in-person across the globe The Compete Community Learn and connect with your peers Customer Stories Explore how our customers win with Klue Subscribe to our Newsletter Competitive news and strategies — straight to your inbox Job Board The best PMM &#038; competitive jobs in one spot Introducing Win-Loss Clips Your win-loss interviews, auto-clipped into the moments that matter. Coffee &#038; Compete Podcast Klueless: A Competitive Deal Story The Ultimate Battlecard Building Toolkit How to Build a Win-Loss Program Competitive Enablement Maturity Model Humans in the Loop AI in Competitive Intelligence Report Company About Learn about our team, our mission and our vision for how organizations will compete in the future Careers Join our team News What we&#8217;re up to Contact How to get in touch Login GET A DEMO Measure Measure your business impact Confidently measure the adoption of your competitive program and how it impacts revenue, win rates, deal duration, and more. Get a Demo Take a Tour See how Klue helps you prove the impact of your competitive program TAKE A TOUR Measure adoption across all aspects of your content Learn what resonates and create more of what works Measure and improve discoverability Map and prioritize your competitive landscape Build win/loss dashboards directly in Klue Measure your impact on win rates, deal sizes, sales cycle length, and more Increase efficiency, adoption, and revenue 55% Increase in average deal size , + 35% Increase in win rate , + 100% global user adoption , + 50% increase in competitive win rate , + 92% global user adoption , + 88% of revenue impacted , + Why winning teams love Klue Prove your impact on revenue Combine content adoption with CRM data to clearly show how your competitive program is contributing to revenue. Gain more internal visibility and elevate your competitive program. “Klue’s Impact Analysis is one of 3 key pillars we use at Shopify to measure the success of our competitive program, and a testament to how invested Klue is in our success. The analysis has given us a good baseline for which content is used in deals, allowing me to understand how our team and work contribute to revenue.” Dennis Brosnan Market Insights Lead Measure and improve adoption Klue makes it easy to identify your power-users and what content is most valuable. Benchmark against your peers and take a calculated approach to increasing adoption. “Klue gives us the platform to scale our competitive enablement program. It’s where we organize, collaborate and share competitive insights across VMware. The ability to track how these insights impact revenue is a key reason we chose Klue.” Kimberly Bauer Manager, Competitive Intelligence Prioritize your competitive landscape Generate reports to visualize your competitive landscape, spot emerging threats early, and prioritize your competitors so you know where to focus. “Using Klue’s Threat Analysis with our win-loss results, we could prioritize where to spend time and resources, and see which competitors we should be focusing on. This was a key step in our competitive lifecycle process.” Mark Balkenende VP Product Marketing Focus on the most important work Stop wasting time on low-impact work. Klue makes it easy to focus your limited time on the competitors, content, and activities that matter most. Want to see Klue in action? Let’s do it. Tell us a bit about yourself and we’ll set up a time to wow you. GET A DEMO Your browser does not support the video tag. Product Klue Compete Klue Win Loss Integrations AI Capabilities Security Resources Articles & Resources Customer Stories Events Company About Careers Contact News & Press Hey AI, learn about us Topics How Does AI Automate Win-Loss Analysis? What Is Win-Loss Analysis, and How Do You Build a Program? Can ChatGPT or Claude Build a Battlecard From Your Salesforce and Gong Data? Is It Safe to Paste Sales Call Transcripts Into ChatGPT or Claude for Competitive Analysis? How to Measure Win-Loss ROI (and Find the Blind Spots Costing You Deals) in 2026 Follow Us On Status Media Kit Privacy | © 2025 Klue Labs Vancouver, BC Access Resource Want to see Klue in Action? Thanks for your request. We&#8217;ll be in touch very soon. BACK TO KLUE 
